The beauty here is who speaks.
Prates and all of you are welcome to
plus a new video
today I'm here again guys at gta
sandras with that super fuck mode that
myths and legends that
several players claim to have already
found during his moves
Chinese inside the gta sandras and staff
What we are going to investigate today is one of the
The game's best-known myths the leader
that no one else but the
that the fast of the gta sandra the diverse
people claim to have found him in this
same operation I am now is
known by many as a logging company
abandoned simply because it has no
nobody here only use this
place for a mission in the game where after
a race if I 'm not mistaken with claude
speed and catalina or they help our
and what most intrigued everyone.
is that in all the huts here the people
you can find the whole floor full of
blood and nobody knows how to explain the
Why do you look at the texture of the floor?
connect and even rockstar never
pronounced
I never said why I had so much blood.
on this human ground
This is very tense to be about
from a clear lumber that will have a
a lot of trees on the ground, and a few
cut but stranger is that they
not cut properly is not type
I'll cut it down, you know it 's all told in the
very strange rite
You must have a rainbow here at this
video is really special year
So we think that the leader
because with this motto that has almost
sure he'll be in the game
Why do not you know that way?
using it it adds several and several
myths and legends it makes it true
everything the staff said had already
found in the game I can say that
never saw the leader in the face of not being with the
mod and I can also say that even
that there is no staff without death
it's because the gt games have more or
178 years and myself that this
business of installing esq e tals
We always have to open it, right?
the game with a special program and there and
after all the files that contain
in the game and I did not find any
file with the name of ledger face nor
nothing of the sort, I just know it exists
Because it has mode for this but without mode.
seriously I think there's no good
work there just take care here in the region
for the moment found no trace
him before recording all the volleyball
here you found him we found the
chainsaw in front of him a catcher
It's okay, you get angry and show up for
we decide to seat face I want it
it does not appear
so I'll go and get a car here and I'll go
have a hard time
As soon as I find him, I'll come back.
recording our staff took longer
I found him, our old man.
hope to the team that has better
Look at his hand.
that's why he calls the leader did everything
dirty blood
the saw motor in the hand still
I'm seeing it's not even going to use it.
It will be fucking killing who could not
killing is also human fuck this mold
I really surprised myself more and more
human imagines people hire
truth the goalkeeper did in the samba
This is very cool, man. Look the same.
mano author Sergio and life moves or error
the mistake our story also almost
die if you do not get me this month
Thank you, man, you do not have anyone.
and it will be impossible to kill him
ai staff so I think that there
I hope you have enjoyed it more
a myth there plus a legend of gta san
andreas myths and legends liked by
Please do not forget to leave that like
do not just sign up for
to receive more videos from the
genre and a number making it ta al
Myths and Legends
where the whole series the episode I go
show you around various myths and
beauty legends that is two videos in the
channel for those who watched one of ets and
flying saucers and other ghost's
the morning of that day and then they are there and
download the application the mozilla extension
firefox and google chrome warning
you're all browser do not even
Are you on YouTube receiving my videos?
Just go down and do not weigh anything.
very worthwhile
much better to everyone until another great
hug and ii